---
layout: post
title: Contributors
---

{{ page.title }}
================

Mary Bisheh received her Master’s in Curriculum Studies from the
University of Texas at Austin. A Fulbright scholar and world traveler,
Mary is very interested MOOCs have affected international education. A
secondary school teacher of seven years, she is currently teaching
middle school Social Studies in Evergreen, Colorado. She can be reached
at [mbisheh@gmail.com](mailto:mbisheh@gmail.com).

Hui-chieh Chen received her Master’s degree in Learning Technology from
The University of Texas at Austin. She is currently teaching English in
junior high school in Taiwan. She is interested in technology
integration for teaching and learning. Taking MOOCs is a new experience
for her and she regards MOOCs as a source for self-learning in Taiwan.
She can be reached at
[nectarchen@gmail.com](mailto:nectarchen@gmail.com).

Bahaa G. Ghobrial is a doctoral student in the Department of
Radio‐TV‐Film, at the University of Texas at Austin. He is researching
how digital media can contribute to online learning. He is also
interested in finding new ways to bridging the digital gap so people in
the developing countries can benefit from using MOOCs. He can be reached
at [Bahaag@utexas.edu](mailto:Bahaag@utexas.edu).

Mihyun Lim is a doctoral student in Curriculum and Instruction
specializing in Learning Technologies. She is interested in how people
learn online and how online settings change the way people learn. Her
research interests also include technology integration and best
practices in teaching and learning. She can be reached at
[mhlim@utexas.edu](mailto:mhlim@utexas.edu).

Cindy Londeore recently finished a master's degree in science education
and is ready to take on the world of curriculum development. She took
her first MOOC for this project, and now she can't stop taking them! She
can be reached at [clondeore@gmail.com](mailto:clondeore@gmail.com), or
@clondeore on twitter.

Michael Mendoza originally wanted to be a concert pianist, but soon took
up languages working as a translator, researcher and instructor in both
French and Arabic. A graduate student in the Department of Middle
Eastern Studies at UT Austin and a frequent presenter of papers on
Arabic Linguistics at conferences such as MESA, AIDA, Jil Jadidand
others, he intends to continue as an Arabist, translator and musician.
He can be reached at
[michael.allen.mendoza@gmail.com](mailto:michael.allen.mendoza@gmail.com)

Afriannoor Miradinata is a past Ford Foundation fellow and is currently
working as a government employee in Indonesia. He is interested in
distance learning, and that interest is triggered by the fact that
remote areas in Indonesia have limited access to technology. He believes
technology can reduce significant barriers in education quality in
remote areas. He can be reached at
[a.miradinata@gmail.com](mailto:a.miradinata@gmail.com)

Michael Ota received a master’s of education in learning technologies
from The University of Texas at Austin and is currently pursuing a
second master’s in special education. He teaches math and technology in
a specialized school for students with autism and emotional disorders.
Michael hopes to takes his MOOC experiences and develop social skills
curriculum for individuals with cognitive disabilities. His most current
information is
at[](http://www.michaelota.com)[www.michaelota.com](http://www.michaelota.com)and
can be reached at
[michael.ota@utexas.edu](mailto:michael.ota@utexas.edu)

Jennifer Ramirez is a masters student in STEM education who works
professionally as a math content specialist. She is interested in math
curriculum development and would like to develop MOOCs for secondary
mathematics. The MOOC she describes in this book was the first that
Jennifer took and fully completed. She plans to use MOOCs to pursue
topics she is interested in and to increase her math content knowledge.
She can be reached at [JTausiani@gmail.com](mailto:JTausiani@gmail.com)

Anne Valauri is a masters student in Early Childhood Education at the
University of Texas at Austin. She is currently a graduate and teaching
assistant. She is interested in distance education for early childhood
teachers, the use of web 2.0 tools, and the digital divide in elementary
classrooms. She is still using DuoLingo to work on her language skills
for teaching multilingual classrooms. She can be reached at
[avalauri@utexas.edu](mailto:avalauri@utexas.edu)

Dr. George Veletsianos studies learner, instructor, and scholar
experiences and practices with emerging technologies and pedagogies in
online learning contexts. He is Canada Research Chair in Innovative
Learning and Technology and Associate Professor at Royal Roads
University. He blogs
at[](http://www.veletsianos.com)[http://www.veletsianos.com](http://www.veletsianos.com)and
can be reached at [veletsianos@gmail.com](mailto:veletsianos@gmail.com)